ROBERT COOPER

SECURITY GUARD 9 LOS ANGELES, CA 90291, UNITED STATES k.
3868683442

° DETAILS °             PROFILE                                                                                 
1515 Pacific Ave        Safety conscious, attentive Security Guard with eight years experience in protecting and
Los Angeles, CA 90291   guarding VIP individuals in the military and defense sectors. Proficient at observing   
United States           surroundings and immediate settings for possible threats of nonhuman and human nature.  
3868683442              Presently finishing a bachelor's in criminal justice and qualified as a CPO (Certified  
email@email.com         Protection Guard).                                                                      

Place of birth San Antonio

Driving license Full

° LINKS ° Linked In Pi nterest Resume Templates Build this template

° SKILLS ° Investigation skills

Safety compliance Criminal justice knowledge Restraining devices

Martial arts/Physical combat training

° HOBBIES °

Running, Mtb, Enduro

° LANGUAGES ° English

Spanish Italian

III EMPLOYMENT HISTORY

Security Guard at ADT Security, Port Washington January 2021 — April 2022

Responsible for completing reports by recording information, observations, occurrences, and surveillance activities, including interviewing of witnesses and acquiring signatures.

• Maintaining environments by monitoring the grounds and equipment controls.
• Logging into security headquarters on the hour during the day and every 2 hours with the night shift, notifying control of all in order statuses.
• Utilizing armed force when necessary, to protect company belongings, visitors, employees, and clients when needed.
• Apprehending suspects in the event of security breaches and detaining them until the police arrive on the scene.

Security Guard at Copwatch, Jogbani January 2020 — April 2022

Primary purpose is to scan area of grounds for objects/ items that seem out of place and notifying Center management of bags or packages that are unattended.

• Inspecting restrooms after closing time for vagrants/ unauthorized personnel.
• Monitoring selected areas via CCTV app on smart devices.
• Ensure flawless equipment operation by finishing preventive maintenance necessities, reading the manufacturer's instructions, troubleshooting malfunctions, organizing for repairs if needed, and assessing new equipment and techniques

t'• EDUCATION

Certified Protection Guard Program (CPOP), International Foundation for Protection Guards, Alexandria January 2021 - April 2022

Security Guard Certificate Program (SOCP), ASIS International, North Naples April 2022 — April 2022

• Course Curriculum: Law Enforcement Ethics, Foundations in Criminal Law, Report Writing, Criminal Profiling, Interviewing Techniques, Crisis Intervention.

S.A.F.E. Approach Level II Training, Hawaii Western College January 2015 — November 2019